istar	V;NFIN	istar	istar
tudlo	V;NFIN	tudlo	tudlo
tapos	V;NFIN	tapos	tapos
higda	V;NFIN	higda	higda
baligya	V;NFIN	baligya	balig
tuon	V;NFIN	tuon	tuong
tabo/katabo	V;NFIN	tabo	tabosm
agda	V;NFIN	agda	agdao
paathag	V;NFIN	paathag	paath
hular	V;NFIN	hular	hular
higugma/higugmaon	V;NFIN	higugma	higugma
byahe	V;NFIN	byahe	byahe
pamangkot	V;NFIN	pamangkot	pamang
pili	V;NFIN	pili	pilia
basa	V;NFIN	basa	basan
gamit	V;NFIN	gamit	gamit
daw	V;NFIN	daw	dawla
bakal	V;NFIN	bakal	bakal
kanta	V;NFIN	kanta	kanta
tawag	V;NFIN	tawag	tawag
baton	V;NFIN	baton	baton
maneho	V;NFIN	maneho	maneh
talupangdan/talupangod/talupangdon	V;NFIN	talupangdan	talupangd
sugod	V;NFIN	sugod	sugod
uyat/uyatan	V;NFIN	uyat	uyatga
balik	V;NFIN	balik	balik
ginhawa	V;NFIN	ginhawa	ginha
singgit	V;NFIN	singgit	singg
hibalo/hibaluan	V;NFIN	hibalo	hibalok
saot	V;NFIN	saot	saotn
kallimtan	V;NFIN	kallimtan	kallim
mangin/nangin	V;NFIN	mangin	mangin
kuha	V;NFIN	kuha	kuhar
dugang	V;NFIN	dugang	dugan
sabat	V;NFIN	sabat	sabat
pakita	V;NFIN	pakita	pakit
halok/halukan	V;NFIN	halok	halokm
bulig/buligan	V;NFIN	bulig	buligg
pungko	V;NFIN	pungko	pungk
pakilala	V;NFIN	pakilala	pakil
obra	V;NFIN	obra	obrag
kadlaw	V;NFIN	kadlaw	kadla
tandog	V;NFIN	tandog	tando
kita	V;NFIN	kita	kitan
kado	V;NFIN	kado	kadoi
hampang	V;NFIN	hampang	hampa
bati/batian/pamatian	V;NFIN	bati	batihan
batyag	V;NFIN	batyag	batya
abot	V;NFIN	abot	abote
kaon	V;NFIN	kaon	kaoni
pamati	V;NFIN	pamati	pamat
tindog	V;NFIN	tindog	tindo
tan-aw	V;NFIN	tan-aw	tan-a
patay/tagumatayon	V;NFIN	patay	patayol
nagon	V;NFIN	nagon	nagon
buka	V;NFIN	buka	bukal
gua	V;NFIN	gua	guang
siling	V;NFIN	siling	silin
hatag	V;NFIN	hatag	hatag
patay	V;NFIN	patay	patay
himo	V;NFIN	himo	himod
luto	V;NFIN	luto	luton
kita/pangita	V;NFIN	kita	kitain
kinahanglan	V;NFIN	kinahanglan	kinaha
hulog/kahulog	V;NFIN	hulog	huloga
maka/naka	V;NFIN	maka	makata
sarang	V;NFIN	sarang	saran
na/naga	V;NFIN	na	naont
istar	V;PRF;FUT	magaistar na	magaistar na
dalagan	V;PRF;FUT	magadalagan na	magadalagan 
tudlo	V;PRF;FUT	magatudlo na	magatudlo na
desisyon	V;PRF;FUT	magadesisyon na	magadesisyon
tapos	V;PRF;FUT	magataps na	magataps na 
higda	V;PRF;FUT	magahigda na	magahigda na
tuon	V;PRF;FUT	magatuon na	magatuon naa
tabo/katabo	V;PRF;FUT	matabo na	matabo nannan
agda	V;PRF;FUT	magaagda na	magaagda naa
paathag	V;PRF;FUT	magapaathag na	magapaathag 
byahe	V;PRF;FUT	magabyahe na	magabyahe na
pamangkot	V;PRF;FUT	magapamangkot na	magapamangko
pili	V;PRF;FUT	magapili na	magapili nan
basa	V;PRF;FUT	magabasa na	magabasa nag
gamit	V;PRF;FUT	magagamit na	magagamit na
lupad	V;PRF;FUT	magalupad na	magalupad na
kanta	V;PRF;FUT	magakanta na	magakanta na
tawag	V;PRF;FUT	magatawag na	magatawag na
baton	V;PRF;FUT	magabaton na	magabaton na
maneho	V;PRF;FUT	magamaneho na	magamaneho n
talupangdan/talupangod/talupangdon	V;PRF;FUT	matalupangdan na	matalupangdan n
uyat/uyatan	V;PRF;FUT	magauyat na	magauyat naot
istorya	V;PRF;FUT	magaistorya na	magaistorya 
balik	V;PRF;FUT	magabalik na	magabalik na
singgit	V;PRF;FUT	magasinggit na	magasinggit 
buksan	V;PRF;FUT	pagabuksan na	pagabuksan n
dula	V;PRF;FUT	madula na	madula nanan
inom	V;PRF;FUT	magainom na	magainom naa
mangin/nangin	V;PRF;FUT	mangin	manginpnagana
kuha	V;PRF;FUT	magakuha na	magakuha na 
gustuhan	V;PRF;FUT	magustuhan na	magustuhan n
dugang	V;PRF;FUT	magadugang na	magadugang n
sabat	V;PRF;FUT	magasabat na	magasabat na
sugata	V;PRF;FUT	magasugata na	magasugata n
pakita	V;PRF;FUT	magapakita na	magapakita n
bulig/buligan	V;PRF;FUT	magabulig na	magabulig na 
pakilala	V;PRF;FUT	magapakilala na	magapakilala
hangop/hangpan	V;PRF;FUT	mahangpan na	mahangpan nan
padala	V;PRF;FUT	magapadala na	magapadala n
butang	V;PRF;FUT	magabutang na	magabutang n
kadlaw	V;PRF;FUT	magakadlaw na	magakadlaw n
kita	V;PRF;FUT	makita na	makita na na
hampang	V;PRF;FUT	magahampang na	magahampang 
sulit	V;PRF;FUT	magasulit na	magasulit na
abot	V;PRF;FUT	magaabot na	magaabot naa
kaon	V;PRF;FUT	magakaon na	magakaon naa
pamati	V;PRF;FUT	magapamati na	magapamati n
tindog	V;PRF;FUT	magatindog na	magatindog n
patay/tagumatayon	V;PRF;FUT	mapatay na	mapatay naan 
hibi	V;PRF;FUT	magahibi na	magahibi nan
daog	V;PRF;FUT	magadaog na	magadaog naa
sira	V;PRF;FUT	magasira na	magasira naa
sulat	V;PRF;FUT	magasulat na	magasulat na
lakat	V;PRF;FUT	magalakat na	magalakat na
nagon	V;PRF;FUT	maganagon na	maganagon na
buka	V;PRF;FUT	pagabuka na	pagabuka nan
gua	V;PRF;FUT	magagua na	magagua naan
hatag	V;PRF;FUT	magahatag na	magahatag na
patay	V;PRF;FUT	magapatay na	magapatay na
himo	V;PRF;FUT	magahimo na	magahimo naa
luto	V;PRF;FUT	magaluto na	magaluto nan
kita/pangita	V;PRF;FUT	magapangita na	magapangita n
kinahanglan	V;PRF;FUT	magakinahanglan na	magakinahangl
istar	V;PRF+PROG;PST	nagistar pa	nagistar pa
dalagan	V;PRF+PROG;PST	nagdalagan pa	nagdalagan p
desisyon	V;PRF+PROG;PST	nagdesisyon pa	nagdesisyon 
tapos	V;PRF+PROG;PST	gintapos pa	gintapos pa
baligya	V;PRF+PROG;PST	nagbaligya pa	nagbaligya p
tuon	V;PRF+PROG;PST	nagtuon pa	nagtuon paa
tabo/katabo	V;PRF+PROG;PST	natabo pa	natabo panp 
agda	V;PRF+PROG;PST	gin-agda pa	gin-agda pa
paathag	V;PRF+PROG;PST	nagpaathag pa	nagpaathag p
yuhom	V;PRF+PROG;PST	nagyuhom pa	nagyuhom pa
hular	V;PRF+PROG;PST	naghular pa	naghular pa
pamangkot	V;PRF+PROG;PST	nagpamangkot pa	nagpamangkot
pili	V;PRF+PROG;PST	nagpili pa	nagpili pao
gamit	V;PRF+PROG;PST	naggamit pa	naggamit pa
lupad	V;PRF+PROG;PST	naglupad pa	naglupad pa
bakal	V;PRF+PROG;PST	nagbakal pa	nagbakal pa
kanta	V;PRF+PROG;PST	nagkanta pa	nagkanta pa
tawag	V;PRF+PROG;PST	nagtawag pa	nagtawag pa
baton	V;PRF+PROG;PST	ginbaton pa	ginbaton pa
maneho	V;PRF+PROG;PST	nagmaneho pa	nagmaneho p
talupangdan/talupangod/talupangdon	V;PRF+PROG;PST	gintalupangod pa	gintalupangod pa-
sugod	V;PRF+PROG;PST	nagsugod pa	nagsugod pa
uyat/uyatan	V;PRF+PROG;PST	gin-uyatan pa	gin-uyatan p
balik	V;PRF+PROG;PST	nagbalik pa	nagbalik pa
hibalo/hibaluan	V;PRF+PROG;PST	ginhibalo pa	ginhibalo paa
buksan	V;PRF+PROG;PST	ginbuksan pa	ginbuksan p
dula	V;PRF+PROG;PST	gindula pa	gindula pap
saot	V;PRF+PROG;PST	nagsaot pa	nagsaot paa
kallimtan	V;PRF+PROG;PST	ginkallimtan pa	ginkallimtan
hunahuna	V;PRF+PROG;PST	naghunahuna pa	naghunahuna 
inom	V;PRF+PROG;PST	nag-inom pa	nag-inom pa
mangin/nangin	V;PRF+PROG;PST	nangin	nanginpanognd
kuha	V;PRF+PROG;PST	nagkuha pa	nagkuha paa
sugata	V;PRF+PROG;PST	nagsugata pa	nagsugata p
pakita	V;PRF+PROG;PST	nagpakita pa	nagpakita p
halok/halukan	V;PRF+PROG;PST	ginhalukan pa	ginhalukan pa
padala	V;PRF+PROG;PST	nagpadala pa	nagpadala p
butang	V;PRF+PROG;PST	nagbutang pa	nagbutang p
tandog	V;PRF+PROG;PST	nagtandog pa	nagtandog p
kita	V;PRF+PROG;PST	nakita pa	nakita papa
kado	V;PRF+PROG;PST	nagkado pa	nagkado paa
hampang	V;PRF+PROG;PST	naghampang pa	naghampang p
bati/batian/pamatian	V;PRF+PROG;PST	ginpamatian pa	ginpamatian pa
sulit	V;PRF+PROG;PST	ginsulit pa	ginsulit pa
abot	V;PRF+PROG;PST	nag-abot pa	nag-abot pa
kaon	V;PRF+PROG;PST	nagkaon pa	nagkaon paa
pamati	V;PRF+PROG;PST	nagpamati pa	nagpamati p
tan-aw	V;PRF+PROG;PST	nagtan-aw pa	nagtan-aw p
patay/tagumatayon	V;PRF+PROG;PST	nagtagumatayon pa	nagtagumatayon
kabuhi	V;PRF+PROG;PST	nagkabuhi pa	nagkabuhi p
hibi	V;PRF+PROG;PST	naghibi pa	naghibi pa 
daog	V;PRF+PROG;PST	nag-daog pa	nag-daog pa
sira	V;PRF+PROG;PST	ginsira pa	ginsira pap
sulat	V;PRF+PROG;PST	nagsulat pa	nagsulat pa
lakat	V;PRF+PROG;PST	naglakat pa	naglakat pa
tulog	V;PRF+PROG;PST	nagtulog pa	nagtulog pa
nagon	V;PRF+PROG;PST	nagnagon pa	nagnagon pa
dumdom	V;PRF+PROG;PST	gindumdom pa	gindumdom p
gua	V;PRF+PROG;PST	naggua pa	naggua paaa
siling	V;PRF+PROG;PST	nagsiling pa	nagsiling p
hatag	V;PRF+PROG;PST	naghatag pa	naghatag pa
patay	V;PRF+PROG;PST	ginpatay pa	ginpatay pa
himo	V;PRF+PROG;PST	naghimo pa	naghimo paa
luto	V;PRF+PROG;PST	nagluto pa	nagluto paa
hulog/kahulog	V;PRF+PROG;PST	nakagahulog pa	nakagahulog p
istar	V;PRF+PROG;FUT	magaistar pa	magaistar pa
dalagan	V;PRF+PROG;FUT	magadalagan pa	magadalagan 
desisyon	V;PRF+PROG;FUT	magadesisyon pa	magadesisyon
tapos	V;PRF+PROG;FUT	magataps pa	magataps pap
higda	V;PRF+PROG;FUT	magahigda pa	magahigda pa
tuon	V;PRF+PROG;FUT	magatuon pa	magatuon pap
tabo/katabo	V;PRF+PROG;FUT	matabo pa	matabo pap p
paathag	V;PRF+PROG;FUT	magapaathag pa	magapaathag 
yuhom	V;PRF+PROG;FUT	magayuhom pa	magayuhom pa
hular	V;PRF+PROG;FUT	magahular pa	magahular pa
byahe	V;PRF+PROG;FUT	magabyahe pa	magabyahe pa
pili	V;PRF+PROG;FUT	magapili pa	magapili paa
basa	V;PRF+PROG;FUT	magabasa pa	magabasa paa
hambal	V;PRF+PROG;FUT	magahambal pa	magahambal p
gamit	V;PRF+PROG;FUT	magagamit pa	magagamit pa
lupad	V;PRF+PROG;FUT	magalupad pa	magalupad pa
away	V;PRF+PROG;FUT	magaaway pa	magaaway paa
bakal	V;PRF+PROG;FUT	magabakal pa	magabakal pa
baton	V;PRF+PROG;FUT	magabaton pa	magabaton pa
maneho	V;PRF+PROG;FUT	magamaneho pa	magamaneho p
talupangdan/talupangod/talupangdon	V;PRF+PROG;FUT	pagatalupangdon pa	pagatalupangdon
sugod	V;PRF+PROG;FUT	magasugod pa	magasugod pa
uyat/uyatan	V;PRF+PROG;FUT	magauyat pa	magauyat pap
balik	V;PRF+PROG;FUT	magabalik pa	magabalik pa
singgit	V;PRF+PROG;FUT	magasinggit pa	magasinggit 
hibalo/hibaluan	V;PRF+PROG;FUT	mahibaluan pa	mahibaluan pa
dula	V;PRF+PROG;FUT	madula pa	madula pa pa
hunahuna	V;PRF+PROG;FUT	magahunahuna pa	magahunahuna
mangin/nangin	V;PRF+PROG;FUT	mangin	manginon pag 
dugang	V;PRF+PROG;FUT	magadugang pa	magadugang p
pakita	V;PRF+PROG;FUT	magapakita pa	magapakita p
bulig/buligan	V;PRF+PROG;FUT	magabulig pa	magabulig pap
pungko	V;PRF+PROG;FUT	magapungko pa	magapungko p
hangop/hangpan	V;PRF+PROG;FUT	mahangpan pa	mahangpan paa
padala	V;PRF+PROG;FUT	magapadala pa	magapadala p
obra	V;PRF+PROG;FUT	magaobra pa	magaobra pap
kita	V;PRF+PROG;FUT	makita pa	makita pala 
kado	V;PRF+PROG;FUT	magakado pa	magakado pa 
hampang	V;PRF+PROG;FUT	magahampang pa	magahampang 
sulit	V;PRF+PROG;FUT	magasulit pa	magasulit pa
kaon	V;PRF+PROG;FUT	magakaon pa	magakaon pa 
tindog	V;PRF+PROG;FUT	magatindog pa	magatindog p
tan-aw	V;PRF+PROG;FUT	magatan-aw pa	magatan-aw p
patay/tagumatayon	V;PRF+PROG;FUT	mapatay pa	mapatay papap
kabuhi	V;PRF+PROG;FUT	magakabuhi pa	magakabuhi p
hibi	V;PRF+PROG;FUT	magahibi pa	magahibi pap
sira	V;PRF+PROG;FUT	magasira pa	magasira pap
lakat	V;PRF+PROG;FUT	magalakat pa	magalakat pa
tulog	V;PRF+PROG;FUT	magatulog pa	magatulog pa
nagon	V;PRF+PROG;FUT	maganagon pa	maganagon pa
dumdom	V;PRF+PROG;FUT	magadumdom pa	magadumdom p
siling	V;PRF+PROG;FUT	magasiling pa	magasiling p
buhin	V;PRF+PROG;FUT	magabuhin pa	magabuhin pa
himo	V;PRF+PROG;FUT	magahimo pa	magahimo pap
luto	V;PRF+PROG;FUT	magaluto pa	magaluto pap
kita/pangita	V;PRF+PROG;FUT	magapangita pa	magapangita p
hulog/kahulog	V;PRF+PROG;FUT	mahulog pa	mahulog paan 
istar	V;PRF;PST	nagistar na	nagistar na
tudlo	V;PRF;PST	nagtudlo na	nagtudlo na
desisyon	V;PRF;PST	nagdesisyon na	nagdesisyon
higda	V;PRF;PST	naghigda na	naghigda na
tabo/katabo	V;PRF;PST	natabo na	natabo naad 
agda	V;PRF;PST	gin-agda na	gin-agda na
yuhom	V;PRF;PST	nagyuhom na	nagyuhom na
hular	V;PRF;PST	naghular na	naghular na
higugma/higugmaon	V;PRF;PST	ginhigugma na	ginhigugma na
byahe	V;PRF;PST	nagbyahe na	nagbyahe na
pamangkot	V;PRF;PST	nagpamangkot na	nagpamangkot
pili	V;PRF;PST	nagpili na	nagpili naa
basa	V;PRF;PST	nagbasa na	nagbasa naa
hambal	V;PRF;PST	naghambal na	naghambal n
gamit	V;PRF;PST	naggamit na	naggamit na
lupad	V;PRF;PST	naglupad na	naglupad na
daw	V;PRF;PST	daw	dawula nag 
bakal	V;PRF;PST	nagbakal na	nagbakal na
kanta	V;PRF;PST	nagkanta na	nagkanta na
tawag	V;PRF;PST	nagtawag na	nagtawag na
baton	V;PRF;PST	ginbaton na	ginbaton na
maneho	V;PRF;PST	nagmaneho na	nagmaneho n
talupangdan/talupangod/talupangdon	V;PRF;PST	natalupangdan na	natalupangdan n
sugod	V;PRF;PST	nagsugod na	nagsugod na
balik	V;PRF;PST	nagbalik na	nagbalik na
ginhawa	V;PRF;PST	nagginhawa na	nagginhawa 
singgit	V;PRF;PST	nagsinggit na	nagsinggit 
hibalo/hibaluan	V;PRF;PST	nahibaluan na	nahibaluan na
buksan	V;PRF;PST	ginbuksan na	ginbuksan n
dula	V;PRF;PST	nadula na	nadula nak 
hunahuna	V;PRF;PST	naghunahuna na	naghunahuna
mangin/nangin	V;PRF;PST	nangin	nanginhnanat
kuha	V;PRF;PST	nagkuha na	nagkuha naa
dugang	V;PRF;PST	nagdugang na	nagdugang n
sabat	V;PRF;PST	ginsabat na	ginsabat na
sugata	V;PRF;PST	nagsugata na	nagsugata n
pakita	V;PRF;PST	nagpakita na	nagpakita n
halok/halukan	V;PRF;PST	ginhalukan na	ginhalukan n
bulig/buligan	V;PRF;PST	ginbuligan na	ginbuligan n
pungko	V;PRF;PST	nagpungko na	nagpungko n
hangop/hangpan	V;PRF;PST	nahangpan na	nahangpan na
padala	V;PRF;PST	nagpadala na	nagpadala n
obra	V;PRF;PST	nagobra na	nagobra naa
butang	V;PRF;PST	nagbutang na	nagbutang n
aku	V;PRF;PST	gin-aku na	gin-aku nan
tandog	V;PRF;PST	nagtandog na	nagtandog n
kado	V;PRF;PST	nagkado na	nagkado nag
hampang	V;PRF;PST	naghampang na	naghampang 
bati/batian/pamatian	V;PRF;PST	nabatian na	nabatian nala
sulit	V;PRF;PST	ginsulit na	ginsulit na
batyag	V;PRF;PST	nagbatyag na	nagbatyag n
kaon	V;PRF;PST	nagkaon na	nagkaon naa
tindog	V;PRF;PST	nagtindog na	nagtindog n
tan-aw	V;PRF;PST	nagtan-aw na	nagtan-aw n
patay/tagumatayon	V;PRF;PST	naptay na	naptay naoa n
kabuhi	V;PRF;PST	nagkabuhi na	nagkabuhi n
daog	V;PRF;PST	nag-daog na	nag-daog na
sira	V;PRF;PST	ginsira na	ginsira naa
sulat	V;PRF;PST	nagsulat na	nagsulat na
nagon	V;PRF;PST	nagnagon na	nagnagon na
buka	V;PRF;PST	ginbuka na	ginbuka na 
dumdom	V;PRF;PST	gindumdom na	gindumdom n
gua	V;PRF;PST	naggua na	naggua na n
siling	V;PRF;PST	nagsiling na	nagsiling n
hatag	V;PRF;PST	naghatag na	naghatag na
sulod	V;PRF;PST	nagsulod na	nagsulod na
patay	V;PRF;PST	ginpatay na	ginpatay na
kinahanglan	V;PRF;PST	nagkinahanglan na	nagkinahangl
istar	V;PRS	nagaistar	nagaistar
dalagan	V;PRS	nagadalagan	nagadalag
tudlo	V;PRS	nagatudlo	nagatudlo
desisyon	V;PRS	nagadesisyon	nagadesis
tapos	V;PRS	ginatapos	ginatapos
baligya	V;PRS	nagabaligya	nagabalig
tuon	V;PRS	nagatuon	nagatuona
agda	V;PRS	ginaagda	ginaagdaa
paathag	V;PRS	nagapaathag	nagapaath
yuhom	V;PRS	nagayuhom	nagayuhom
hular	V;PRS	nagahular	nagahular
higugma/higugmaon	V;PRS	ginahigugma	ginahigugma
pili	V;PRS	nagapili	nagapilik
basa	V;PRS	nagabasa	nagabasal
hambal	V;PRS	nagahambal	nagahamba
lupad	V;PRS	nagalupad	nagalupad
away	V;PRS	nagaaway	nagaawayn
bakal	V;PRS	nagabakal	nagabakal
kanta	V;PRS	nagakanta	nagakanta
tawag	V;PRS	nagatawag	nagatawag
baton	V;PRS	ginabaton	ginabaton
maneho	V;PRS	nagamaneho	nagamaneh
talupangdan/talupangod/talupangdon	V;PRS	natalupangdan	natalupangdan
sugod	V;PRS	nagasugod	nagasugod
uyat/uyatan	V;PRS	ginauyatan	ginauyatan
balik	V;PRS	nagabalik	nagabalik
ginhawa	V;PRS	nagaginhawa	nagaginha
singgit	V;PRS	nagasinggit	nagasingg
hibalo/hibaluan	V;PRS	nakahibalo	nakahibalo
buksan	V;PRS	ginabuksan	ginabuksa
dula	V;PRS	nadula	nadulalag
saot	V;PRS	nagasaot	nagasaotm
mangin/nangin	V;PRS	mangin	manginlagi
kuha	V;PRS	nagakuha	nagakuhaa
gustuhan	V;PRS	nagustuhan	nagustuha
dugang	V;PRS	nagadugang	nagadugan
pakita	V;PRS	nagapakita	nagapakit
bulig/buligan	V;PRS	ginabuligan	ginabuliga
pungko	V;PRS	nagapungko	nagapungk
pakilala	V;PRS	nagapakilala	nagapakil
hangop/hangpan	V;PRS	nahangpan	nahangpanm
padala	V;PRS	nagapadala	nagapadal
obra	V;PRS	nagaobra	nagaobras
kadlaw	V;PRS	nagakadlaw	nagakadla
kita	V;PRS	nakita	nakitapaa
kado	V;PRS	nagakado	nagakadom
hampang	V;PRS	nagahampang	nagahampa
sulit	V;PRS	ginasulit	ginasulit
batyag	V;PRS	nagabatyag	nagabatya
abot	V;PRS	nagaabot	nagaaboth
kaon	V;PRS	nagakaon	nagakaons
tindog	V;PRS	nagatindog	nagatindo
tan-aw	V;PRS	nagatan-aw	nagatan-a
patay/tagumatayon	V;PRS	napatay	napataydlog
kabuhi	V;PRS	nagakabuhi	nagakabuh
hibi	V;PRS	nagahibi	nagahibig
daog	V;PRS	nagadaog	nagadaogd
sira	V;PRS	ginasira	ginasirad
sulat	V;PRS	nagasulat	nagasulat
lakat	V;PRS	nagalakat	nagalakat
buka	V;PRS	ginabuka	ginabukaa
dumdom	V;PRS	ginadumdom	ginadumdo
siling	V;PRS	nagasiling	nagasilin
sulod	V;PRS	nagasulod	nagasulod
buhin	V;PRS	nagabuhin	nagabuhin
kita/pangita	V;PRS	nakita	nakitadlmw
kinahanglan	V;PRS	nagakinahanglan	nagakinaha
hulog/kahulog	V;PRS	nagakahulog	nagakahulo
sarang	V;PRS	makasarang	makasaran
istar	V;PRF+PROG;PRS	nagaistar pa	nagaistar pa
dalagan	V;PRF+PROG;PRS	nagadalagan pa	nagadalagan p
desisyon	V;PRF+PROG;PRS	nagadesisyon pa	nagadesisyon 
tapos	V;PRF+PROG;PRS	ginatapos pa	ginatapos pa
agda	V;PRF+PROG;PRS	ginaagda pa	ginaagda pap
paathag	V;PRF+PROG;PRS	nagapaathag pa	nagapaathag p
hular	V;PRF+PROG;PRS	nagahular pa	nagahular pa
pamangkot	V;PRF+PROG;PRS	nagapamangkot pa	nagapamangkot
pili	V;PRF+PROG;PRS	nagapili pa	nagapili pap
basa	V;PRF+PROG;PRS	nagabasa pa	nagabasa pap
hambal	V;PRF+PROG;PRS	nagahambal pa	nagahambal p
gamit	V;PRF+PROG;PRS	nagagamit pa	nagagamit pa
lupad	V;PRF+PROG;PRS	nagalupad pa	nagalupad pa
away	V;PRF+PROG;PRS	nagaaway pa	nagaaway pa 
kanta	V;PRF+PROG;PRS	nagakanta pa	nagakanta pa
tawag	V;PRF+PROG;PRS	nagatawag pa	nagatawag pa
baton	V;PRF+PROG;PRS	ginabaton pa	ginabaton pa
talupangdan/talupangod/talupangdon	V;PRF+PROG;PRS	ginatalupangod pa	ginatalupangod pa---
sugod	V;PRF+PROG;PRS	nagasugod pa	nagasugod pa
uyat/uyatan	V;PRF+PROG;PRS	ginauyatan pa	ginauyatan pap
balik	V;PRF+PROG;PRS	nagabalik pa	nagabalik pa
ginhawa	V;PRF+PROG;PRS	nagaginhawa pa	nagaginhawa p
saot	V;PRF+PROG;PRS	nagasaot pa	nagasaot paa
kallimtan	V;PRF+PROG;PRS	ginakallimtan pa	ginakallimtan
hunahuna	V;PRF+PROG;PRS	nagahunahuna pa	nagahunahuna 
kuha	V;PRF+PROG;PRS	nagakuha pa	nagakuha pap
dugang	V;PRF+PROG;PRS	nagadugang pa	nagadugang p
sugata	V;PRF+PROG;PRS	nagasugata pa	nagasugata p
halok/halukan	V;PRF+PROG;PRS	ginahalukan pa	ginahalukan pa
bulig/buligan	V;PRF+PROG;PRS	ginabuligan pa	ginabuligan pa
pungko	V;PRF+PROG;PRS	nagapungko pa	nagapungko p
pakilala	V;PRF+PROG;PRS	nagapakilala pa	nagapakilala 
obra	V;PRF+PROG;PRS	nagaobra pa	nagaobra pan
butang	V;PRF+PROG;PRS	nagabutang pa	nagabutang p
kadlaw	V;PRF+PROG;PRS	nagakadlaw pa	nagakadlaw p
aku	V;PRF+PROG;PRS	ginaaku pa	ginaaku papa
kita	V;PRF+PROG;PRS	nakita pa	nakita pa pa
hampang	V;PRF+PROG;PRS	nagahampang pa	nagahampang p
bati/batian/pamatian	V;PRF+PROG;PRS	ginpamatian pa	ginpamatian papa
sulit	V;PRF+PROG;PRS	ginasulit pa	ginasulit pa
kaon	V;PRF+PROG;PRS	nagakaon pa	nagakaon paa
pamati	V;PRF+PROG;PRS	nagapamati pa	nagapamati p
tan-aw	V;PRF+PROG;PRS	nagatan-aw pa	nagatan-aw p
patay/tagumatayon	V;PRF+PROG;PRS	nagatagumatayon pa	nagatagumatayon
hibi	V;PRF+PROG;PRS	nagahibi pa	nagahibi pa 
daog	V;PRF+PROG;PRS	nagadaog pa	nagadaog pap
sulat	V;PRF+PROG;PRS	nagasulat pa	nagasulat pa
dumdom	V;PRF+PROG;PRS	ginadumdom pa	ginadumdom p
gua	V;PRF+PROG;PRS	nagagua pa	nagagua papa
siling	V;PRF+PROG;PRS	nagasiling pa	nagasiling p
hatag	V;PRF+PROG;PRS	nagahatag pa	nagahatag pa
buhin	V;PRF+PROG;PRS	nagabuhin pa	nagabuhin pa
patay	V;PRF+PROG;PRS	ginapatay pa	ginapatay pa
himo	V;PRF+PROG;PRS	nagahimo pa	nagahimo pan
luto	V;PRF+PROG;PRS	nagaluto pa	nagaluto paa
kita/pangita	V;PRF+PROG;PRS	ginapangita pa	ginapangita pa
hulog/kahulog	V;PRF+PROG;PRS	nagakahulog pa	nagakahulog pa
istar	V;PRF;PRS	nagaistar na	nagaistar na
tudlo	V;PRF;PRS	nagatudlo na	nagatudlo na
desisyon	V;PRF;PRS	nagadesisyon na	nagadesisyon
tapos	V;PRF;PRS	ginatapos na	ginatapos na
higda	V;PRF;PRS	nagahigda na	nagahigda na
baligya	V;PRF;PRS	nagabaligya na	nagabaligya 
tuon	V;PRF;PRS	nagatuon na	nagatuon naa
tabo/katabo	V;PRF;PRS	nagakatabo na	nagakatabo na
agda	V;PRF;PRS	ginaagda na	ginaagda nan
paathag	V;PRF;PRS	nagapaathag na	nagapaathag 
hular	V;PRF;PRS	nagahular na	nagahular na
byahe	V;PRF;PRS	nagabyahe na	nagabyahe na
hambal	V;PRF;PRS	nagahambal na	nagahambal n
gamit	V;PRF;PRS	nagagamit na	nagagamit na
lupad	V;PRF;PRS	nagalupad na	nagalupad na
bakal	V;PRF;PRS	nagabakal na	nagabakal na
maneho	V;PRF;PRS	nagamaneho na	nagamaneho n
talupangdan/talupangod/talupangdon	V;PRF;PRS	natalupangdan na	natalupangdan n
sugod	V;PRF;PRS	nagasugod na	nagasugod na
uyat/uyatan	V;PRF;PRS	ginauyatan na	ginauyatan na
istorya	V;PRF;PRS	nagaistorya na	nagaistorya 
ginhawa	V;PRF;PRS	nagaginhawa na	nagaginhawa 
hibalo/hibaluan	V;PRF;PRS	nahibaluan na	nahibaluan na
buksan	V;PRF;PRS	ginabuksan na	ginabuksan n
saot	V;PRF;PRS	nagasaot na	nagasaot nan
kallimtan	V;PRF;PRS	ginakallimtan na	ginakallimta
mangin/nangin	V;PRF;PRS	nangin	nanginkog nan
kuha	V;PRF;PRS	nagakuha na	nagakuha nan
dugang	V;PRF;PRS	nagadugang na	nagadugang n
sabat	V;PRF;PRS	ginasabat na	ginasabat na
sugata	V;PRF;PRS	nagasugata na	nagasugata n
pakita	V;PRF;PRS	nagapakita na	nagapakita n
pungko	V;PRF;PRS	nagapungko na	nagapungko n
pakilala	V;PRF;PRS	nagapakilala na	nagapakilala
padala	V;PRF;PRS	nagapadala na	nagapadala n
obra	V;PRF;PRS	nagaobra na	nagaobra na 
butang	V;PRF;PRS	nagabutang na	nagabutang n
kadlaw	V;PRF;PRS	nagakadlaw na	nagakadlaw n
aku	V;PRF;PRS	ginaaku na	ginaaku naaa
tandog	V;PRF;PRS	nagatandog na	nagatandog n
kita	V;PRF;PRS	nakita na	nakita na ta
hampang	V;PRF;PRS	nagahampang na	nagahampang 
bati/batian/pamatian	V;PRF;PRS	nabatian na	nabatian nana
sulit	V;PRF;PRS	ginasulit na	ginasulit na
batyag	V;PRF;PRS	nagabatyag na	nagabatyag n
abot	V;PRF;PRS	nagaabot na	nagaabot nan
kaon	V;PRF;PRS	nagakaon na	nagakaon naa
tan-aw	V;PRF;PRS	nagatan-aw na	nagatan-aw n
patay/tagumatayon	V;PRF;PRS	napatay na	napatay nan n
kabuhi	V;PRF;PRS	nagakabuhi na	nagakabuhi n
hibi	V;PRF;PRS	nagahibi na	nagahibi naa
daog	V;PRF;PRS	nagadaog na	nagadaog naa
sira	V;PRF;PRS	ginasira na	ginasira naa
sulat	V;PRF;PRS	nagasulat na	nagasulat na
lakat	V;PRF;PRS	nagalakat na	nagalakat na
tulog	V;PRF;PRS	nagatulog na	nagatulog na
nagon	V;PRF;PRS	naganagon na	naganagon na
buka	V;PRF;PRS	ginabuka na	ginabuka nan
dumdom	V;PRF;PRS	ginadumdom na	ginadumdom n
gua	V;PRF;PRS	nagagua na	nagagua nang
siling	V;PRF;PRS	nagasiling na	nagasiling n
hatag	V;PRF;PRS	nagahatag na	nagahatag na
buhin	V;PRF;PRS	nagabuhin na	nagabuhin na
patay	V;PRF;PRS	ginapatay na	ginapatay na
himo	V;PRF;PRS	nagahimo na	nagahimo naa
luto	V;PRF;PRS	nagaluto na	nagaluto naa
kita/pangita	V;PRF;PRS	nakita na	nakita nana n
kinahanglan	V;PRF;PRS	nagakinahanglan na	nagakinahangl
dalagan	V;PROG;PST	nagdalagan	nagdalag
tapos	V;PROG;PST	gintapos	gintapos
baligya	V;PROG;PST	nagbaligya	nagbalig
tabo/katabo	V;PROG;PST	natabo	natabotdo
agda	V;PROG;PST	gin-agda	gin-agda
yuhom	V;PROG;PST	nagyuhom	nagyuhom
hular	V;PROG;PST	naghular	naghular
byahe	V;PROG;PST	nagbyahe	nagbyahe
pamangkot	V;PROG;PST	nagpamangkot	nagpamang
pili	V;PROG;PST	nagpili	nagpilit
basa	V;PROG;PST	nagbasa	nagbasam
gamit	V;PROG;PST	naggamit	naggamit
lupad	V;PROG;PST	naglupad	naglupad
bakal	V;PROG;PST	nagbakal	nagbakal
kanta	V;PROG;PST	nagkanta	nagkanta
baton	V;PROG;PST	ginbaton	ginbaton
maneho	V;PROG;PST	nagmaneho	nagmaneh
talupangdan/talupangod/talupangdon	V;PROG;PST	gintalupangod	gintalupangod-
sugod	V;PROG;PST	nagsugod	nagsugod
uyat/uyatan	V;PROG;PST	gin-uyatan	gin-uyata
balik	V;PROG;PST	nagbalik	nagbalik
hibalo/hibaluan	V;PROG;PST	ginhibalo	ginhibaloa
dula	V;PROG;PST	gindula	gindulaa
kallimtan	V;PROG;PST	ginkallimtan	ginkallim
hunahuna	V;PROG;PST	naghunahuna	naghunahu
inom	V;PROG;PST	nag-inom	nag-inom
mangin/nangin	V;PROG;PST	nangin	nanginonak
kuha	V;PROG;PST	nagkuha	nagkuhar
gustuhan	V;PROG;PST	nagustuhan	nagustuha
dugang	V;PROG;PST	nagdugang	nagdugan
sabat	V;PROG;PST	ginsabat	ginsabat
sugata	V;PROG;PST	nagsugata	nagsugat
pakita	V;PROG;PST	nagpakita	nagpakit
halok/halukan	V;PROG;PST	ginhalukan	ginhalukan
bulig/buligan	V;PROG;PST	ginbuligan	ginbuligan
pungko	V;PROG;PST	nagpungko	nagpungk
padala	V;PROG;PST	nagpadala	nagpadal
butang	V;PROG;PST	nagbutang	nagbutan
kadlaw	V;PROG;PST	nagkadlaw	nagkadla
aku	V;PROG;PST	nag-aku	nag-akun
tandog	V;PROG;PST	nagtandog	nagtando
kita	V;PROG;PST	nakita	nakitaan
kado	V;PROG;PST	nagkado	nagkadoa
hampang	V;PROG;PST	naghampang	naghampa
bati/batian/pamatian	V;PROG;PST	ginpamantian	ginpamantia
kaon	V;PROG;PST	nagkaon	nagkaonh
pamati	V;PROG;PST	nagpamati	nagpamat
tindog	V;PROG;PST	nagtindog	nagtindo
tan-aw	V;PROG;PST	nagtan-aw	nagtan-a
kabuhi	V;PROG;PST	nagkabuhi	nagkabuh
hibi	V;PROG;PST	naghibi	naghibin
sira	V;PROG;PST	ginsira	ginsiran
sulat	V;PROG;PST	nagsulat	nagsulat
lakat	V;PROG;PST	naglakat	naglakat
tulog	V;PROG;PST	nagtulog	nagtulog
nagon	V;PROG;PST	nagnagon	nagnagon
gua	V;PROG;PST	naggua	nagguaha
siling	V;PROG;PST	nagsiling	nagsilin
hatag	V;PROG;PST	naghatag	naghatag
buhin	V;PROG;PST	nagbuhin	nagbuhin
patay	V;PROG;PST	ginpatay	ginpatay
himo	V;PROG;PST	naghimo	naghimol
luto	V;PROG;PST	nagluto	naglutoa
hulog/kahulog	V;PROG;PST	nagakahulog	nagakahulo
maka/naka	V;PROG;PST	naka	nakaitang
dalagan	V;PROG;FUT	magadalagan	magadalag
desisyon	V;PROG;FUT	magadesisyon	magadesis
tapos	V;PROG;FUT	magataps	magatapsk
baligya	V;PROG;FUT	magabaligya	magabalig
tuon	V;PROG;FUT	magatuon	magatuone
agda	V;PROG;FUT	magaagda	magaagdat
paathag	V;PROG;FUT	magapaathag	magapaath
hular	V;PROG;FUT	magahular	magahular
byahe	V;PROG;FUT	magabyahe	magabyahe
pili	V;PROG;FUT	magapili	magapilin
basa	V;PROG;FUT	magabasa	magabasan
hambal	V;PROG;FUT	magahambal	magahamba
gamit	V;PROG;FUT	magagamit	magagamit
lupad	V;PROG;FUT	magalupad	magalupad
kanta	V;PROG;FUT	magakanta	magakanta
tawag	V;PROG;FUT	magatawag	magatawag
baton	V;PROG;FUT	magabaton	magabaton
talupangdan/talupangod/talupangdon	V;PROG;FUT	pagatalupangdon	pagatalupangdo
sugod	V;PROG;FUT	magasugod	magasugod
istorya	V;PROG;FUT	magaistorya	magaistor
balik	V;PROG;FUT	magabalik	magabalik
ginhawa	V;PROG;FUT	magaginhawa	magaginha
hibalo/hibaluan	V;PROG;FUT	mahibaluan	mahibaluann
buksan	V;PROG;FUT	pagabuksan	pagabuksa
dula	V;PROG;FUT	madula	madulaase
saot	V;PROG;FUT	magasaot	magasaott
kallimtan	V;PROG;FUT	pagakallimtan	pagakallim
inom	V;PROG;FUT	magainom	magainomg
kuha	V;PROG;FUT	magakuha	magakuhaa
gustuhan	V;PROG;FUT	magustuhan	magustuha
dugang	V;PROG;FUT	magadugang	magadugan
sabat	V;PROG;FUT	magasabat	magasabat
sugata	V;PROG;FUT	magasugata	magasugat
pakita	V;PROG;FUT	magapakita	magapakit
halok/halukan	V;PROG;FUT	magahalok	magahalokt
bulig/buligan	V;PROG;FUT	magabulig	magabuligy
pungko	V;PROG;FUT	magapungko	magapungk
pakilala	V;PROG;FUT	magapakilala	magapakil
aku	V;PROG;FUT	magaaku	magaakuag
hampang	V;PROG;FUT	magahampang	magahampa
bati/batian/pamatian	V;PROG;FUT	pagapamatian	pagapamatia
batyag	V;PROG;FUT	magabatyag	magabatya
abot	V;PROG;FUT	magaabot	magaabota
kaon	V;PROG;FUT	magakaon	magakaona
tan-aw	V;PROG;FUT	magatan-aw	magatan-a
patay/tagumatayon	V;PROG;FUT	mapatay	mapatayogya
kabuhi	V;PROG;FUT	magakabuhi	magakabuh
hibi	V;PROG;FUT	magahibi	magahibik
daog	V;PROG;FUT	magadaog	magadaoga
sira	V;PROG;FUT	magasira	magasirat
lakat	V;PROG;FUT	magalakat	magalakat
nagon	V;PROG;FUT	maganagon	maganagon
buka	V;PROG;FUT	pagabuka	pagabukao
dumdom	V;PROG;FUT	magadumdom	magadumdo
siling	V;PROG;FUT	magasiling	magasilin
hatag	V;PROG;FUT	magahatag	magahatag
sulod	V;PROG;FUT	magasulod	magasulod
buhin	V;PROG;FUT	magabuhin	magabuhin
patay	V;PROG;FUT	magapatay	magapatay
luto	V;PROG;FUT	magaluto	magalutod
kita/pangita	V;PROG;FUT	magapangita	magapangit
hulog/kahulog	V;PROG;FUT	mahulog	mahulogada
maka/naka	V;PROG;FUT	maka	makalaotri
dalagan	V;PST	nagdalagan	nagdalag
tudlo	V;PST	nagtudlo	nagtudlo
desisyon	V;PST	nagdesisyon	nagdesisy
tapos	V;PST	gintapos	gintapos
higda	V;PST	naghigda	naghigda
tabo/katabo	V;PST	natabo	nataboiha
agda	V;PST	gin-agda	gin-agda
paathag	V;PST	nagpaathag	nagpaath
yuhom	V;PST	nagyuhom	nagyuhom
hular	V;PST	naghular	naghular
higugma/higugmaon	V;PST	ginhigugma	ginhigugma
byahe	V;PST	nagbyahe	nagbyahe
pamangkot	V;PST	nagpamangkot	nagpamang
pili	V;PST	nagpili	nagpilin
hambal	V;PST	naghambal	naghamba
gamit	V;PST	naggamit	naggamit
lupad	V;PST	naglupad	naglupad
away	V;PST	nag-away	nag-away
daw	V;PST	daw	dawbubbh
bakal	V;PST	nagbakal	nagbakal
baton	V;PST	ginbaton	ginbaton
maneho	V;PST	nagmaneho	nagmaneh
talupangdan/talupangod/talupangdon	V;PST	natalupangdan	natalupangdan
balik	V;PST	nagbalik	nagbalik
hibalo/hibaluan	V;PST	nahibaluan	nahibaluan
saot	V;PST	nagsaot	nagsaoth
hunahuna	V;PST	naghunahuna	naghunahu
inom	V;PST	nag-inom	nag-inom
mangin/nangin	V;PST	nangin	nanginotm
gustuhan	V;PST	nagustuhan	nagustuha
dugang	V;PST	nagdugang	nagdugan
sabat	V;PST	ginsabat	ginsabat
sugata	V;PST	nagsugata	nagsugat
pakita	V;PST	nagpakita	nagpakit
bulig/buligan	V;PST	ginbuligan	ginbuliga
pungko	V;PST	nagpungko	nagpungk
pakilala	V;PST	nagpakilala	nagpakila
padala	V;PST	nagpadala	nagpadal
butang	V;PST	nagbutang	nagbutan
kadlaw	V;PST	nagkadlaw	nagkadla
aku	V;PST	nag-aku	nag-akua
tandog	V;PST	nagtandog	nagtando
kado	V;PST	nagkado	nagkadoh
hampang	V;PST	naghampang	naghampa
batyag	V;PST	nagbatyag	nagbatya
abot	V;PST	nag-abot	nag-abot
pamati	V;PST	nagpamati	nagpamat
tan-aw	V;PST	nagtan-aw	nagtan-a
patay/tagumatayon	V;PST	napatay	napataygan
kabuhi	V;PST	nagkabuhi	nagkabuh
daog	V;PST	nag-daog	nag-daog
sulat	V;PST	nagsulat	nagsulat
tulog	V;PST	nagtulog	nagtulog
nagon	V;PST	nagnagon	nagnagon
buka	V;PST	ginbuka	ginbukaa
dumdom	V;PST	gindumdom	gindumdo
gua	V;PST	naggua	nagguaah
siling	V;PST	nagsiling	nagsilin
sulod	V;PST	nagsulod	nagsulod
buhin	V;PST	nagbuhin	nagbuhin
patay	V;PST	ginpatay	ginpatay
himo	V;PST	naghimo	naghimoa
luto	V;PST	nagluto	naglutol
kinahanglan	V;PST	nagkinahanglan	nagkinaha
hulog/kahulog	V;PST	nahulog	nahuloggl
sarang	V;PST	nakasarang	nakasara
gusto/gustuhan	V;PST	nagustuhan	nagustuhan
na/naga	V;PST	na	nag-ykoe
tudlo	V;FUT	magatudlo	magatudlo
desisyon	V;FUT	magadesisyon	magadesis
higda	V;FUT	magahigda	magahigda
baligya	V;FUT	magabaligya	magabalig
tuon	V;FUT	magatuon	magatuonk
tabo/katabo	V;FUT	matabo	matabotoan
yuhom	V;FUT	magayuhom	magayuhom
higugma/higugmaon	V;FUT	pagahigugmaon	pagahigugma
byahe	V;FUT	magabyahe	magabyahe
pamangkot	V;FUT	magapamangkot	magapamang
pili	V;FUT	magapili	magapilis
basa	V;FUT	magabasa	magabasal
hambal	V;FUT	magahambal	magahamba
gamit	V;FUT	magagamit	magagamit
lupad	V;FUT	magalupad	magalupad
away	V;FUT	magaaway	magaawayt
bakal	V;FUT	magabakal	magabakal
tawag	V;FUT	magatawag	magatawag
baton	V;FUT	magabaton	magabaton
maneho	V;FUT	magamaneho	magamaneh
talupangdan/talupangod/talupangdon	V;FUT	matalupangdon	matalupangdon
sugod	V;FUT	magasugod	magasugod
uyat/uyatan	V;FUT	magauyat	magauyatty
istorya	V;FUT	magaistorya	magaistor
balik	V;FUT	magabalik	magabalik
ginhawa	V;FUT	magaginhawa	magaginha
singgit	V;FUT	magasinggit	magasingg
hibalo/hibaluan	V;FUT	mahibaluan	mahibaluan
dula	V;FUT	madula	maduladao
saot	V;FUT	magasaot	magasaota
hunahuna	V;FUT	magahunahuna	magahunah
mangin/nangin	V;FUT	mangin	manginuato
kuha	V;FUT	magakuha	magakuhat
gustuhan	V;FUT	magustuhan	magustuha
sugata	V;FUT	magasugata	magasugat
pakita	V;FUT	magapakita	magapakit
pungko	V;FUT	magapungko	magapungk
pakilala	V;FUT	magapakilala	magapakil
hangop/hangpan	V;FUT	mahangpan	mahangpany
obra	V;FUT	magaobra	magaobraa
butang	V;FUT	magabutang	magabutan
aku	V;FUT	magaaku	magaakuht
tandog	V;FUT	magatandog	magatando
kita	V;FUT	makita	makitanuh
kado	V;FUT	magakado	magakadon
hampang	V;FUT	magahampang	magahampa
sulit	V;FUT	magasulit	magasulit
abot	V;FUT	magaabot	magaabotm
tindog	V;FUT	magatindog	magatindo
tan-aw	V;FUT	magatan-aw	magatan-a
patay/tagumatayon	V;FUT	mapatay	mapatayodnl
kabuhi	V;FUT	magakabuhi	magakabuh
hibi	V;FUT	magahibi	magahibis
daog	V;FUT	magadaog	magadaogn
sira	V;FUT	magasira	magasiraa
sulat	V;FUT	magasulat	magasulat
lakat	V;FUT	magalakat	magalakat
tulog	V;FUT	magatulog	magatulog
nagon	V;FUT	maganagon	maganagon
buka	V;FUT	pagabuka	pagabukam
dumdom	V;FUT	magadumdom	magadumdo
hatag	V;FUT	magahatag	magahatag
sulod	V;FUT	magasulod	magasulod
tudlo	V;PROG;PRS	nagatudlo	nagatudlo
higda	V;PROG;PRS	nagahigda	nagahigda
baligya	V;PROG;PRS	nagabaligya	nagabaligy
tuon	V;PROG;PRS	nagatuon	nagatuonb
tabo/katabo	V;PROG;PRS	nagakatabo	nagakataboa
agda	V;PROG;PRS	ginaagda	ginaagdan
paathag	V;PROG;PRS	nagapaathag	nagapaatha
yuhom	V;PROG;PRS	nagayuhom	nagayuhom
hular	V;PROG;PRS	nagahular	nagahular
higugma/higugmaon	V;PROG;PRS	ginahigugma	ginahigugman
pili	V;PROG;PRS	nagapili	nagapilik
hambal	V;PROG;PRS	nagahambal	nagahamba
lupad	V;PROG;PRS	nagalupad	nagalupad
away	V;PROG;PRS	nagaaway	nagaawayd
kanta	V;PROG;PRS	nagakanta	nagakanta
tawag	V;PROG;PRS	nagatawag	nagatawag
baton	V;PROG;PRS	ginabaton	ginabaton
maneho	V;PROG;PRS	nagamaneho	nagamaneh
talupangdan/talupangod/talupangdon	V;PROG;PRS	ginatalupangod	ginatalupangod--
sugod	V;PROG;PRS	nagasugod	nagasugod
istorya	V;PROG;PRS	nagaistorya	nagaistory
balik	V;PROG;PRS	nagabalik	nagabalik
ginhawa	V;PROG;PRS	nagaginhawa	nagaginhaw
singgit	V;PROG;PRS	nagasinggit	nagasinggi
hibalo/hibaluan	V;PROG;PRS	ginahibalo	ginahibalol
buksan	V;PROG;PRS	ginabuksan	ginabuksa
kallimtan	V;PROG;PRS	ginakallimtan	ginakallim
hunahuna	V;PROG;PRS	nagahunahuna	nagahunahu
mangin/nangin	V;PROG;PRS	mangin	manginlitia
kuha	V;PROG;PRS	nagakuha	nagakuhag
dugang	V;PROG;PRS	nagadugang	nagadugan
sabat	V;PROG;PRS	ginasabat	ginasabat
sugata	V;PROG;PRS	nagasugata	nagasugat
pakita	V;PROG;PRS	nagapakita	nagapakit
halok/halukan	V;PROG;PRS	ginahalukan	ginahalukan
bulig/buligan	V;PROG;PRS	ginabuligan	ginabuligan
pungko	V;PROG;PRS	nagapungko	nagapungk
pakilala	V;PROG;PRS	nagapakilala	nagapakila
hangop/hangpan	V;PROG;PRS	ginahangop	ginahangopt
padala	V;PROG;PRS	nagapadala	nagapadal
obra	V;PROG;PRS	nagaobra	nagaobraa
butang	V;PROG;PRS	nagabutang	nagabutan
kadlaw	V;PROG;PRS	nagakadlaw	nagakadla
aku	V;PROG;PRS	nagaaku	nagaakunn
kita	V;PROG;PRS	nakita	nakitaoso
kado	V;PROG;PRS	nagakado	nagakadol
hampang	V;PROG;PRS	nagahampang	nagahampan
bati/batian/pamatian	V;PROG;PRS	ginpamantian	ginpamantiano
abot	V;PROG;PRS	nagaabot	nagaabotd
kaon	V;PROG;PRS	nagakaon	nagakaonh
pamati	V;PROG;PRS	nagapamati	nagapamat
tindog	V;PROG;PRS	nagatindog	nagatindo
patay/tagumatayon	V;PROG;PRS	nagatagumatayon	nagatagumata
kabuhi	V;PROG;PRS	nagakabuhi	nagakabuh
hibi	V;PROG;PRS	nagahibi	nagahibit
sira	V;PROG;PRS	ginasira	ginasirao
sulat	V;PROG;PRS	nagasulat	nagasulat
lakat	V;PROG;PRS	nagalakat	nagalakat
tulog	V;PROG;PRS	nagatulog	nagatulog
buka	V;PROG;PRS	ginabuka	ginabukah
gua	V;PROG;PRS	nagagua	nagaguaod
siling	V;PROG;PRS	nagasiling	nagasilin
hatag	V;PROG;PRS	nagahatag	nagahatag
sulod	V;PROG;PRS	nagasulod	nagasulod
buhin	V;PROG;PRS	nagabuhin	nagabuhin
patay	V;PROG;PRS	ginapatay	ginapatay
himo	V;PROG;PRS	nagahimo	nagahimoa
kita/pangita	V;PROG;PRS	ginapangita	ginapangita
kinahanglan	V;PROG;PRS	nagakinahanglan	nagakinahan
hulog/kahulog	V;PROG;PRS	nagakahulog	nagakahulog
